brandon
Thank you
yes
while the nation
together in three marias is the area of
that
USA
in stages
of the formation of the side team by
at least the moment playing around
thin
even if you do not have the insurance
at 42
I hope this rivero line
again
and in the right sector there is a gap
that has gone very well
we come back here all
supported the defense of time well
but not now
we use
how are you
now
Clear
m
in the face
ohio the football matador and it's not fault
Nunez at the minute of being on the court
faced the new name of the attack for
that he explained he's seeing it
the center right if he is a grandson attacker
absent instinct the flyers that can
bending the attackers challenges has
lost if the 50 minutes with a in the
banking 50 minutes with dolls and rooms
talk as soon as you have assistance
He responded well a headbutt and lack of love to
where the name is remembered above
party does not speak to us does not fail and this
of the changes more is random the
first ball as catalonia draw the
matador
the moment
this color
we were saying the goal of chile the
seventh test center but the marks
by the favre source they incorporated
Achilles area
I have nothing of life here
but the goalkeeper of the national team
he is in the mountains at the end to see him
face and appeared before Ramirez
last or the doorman say is that
we are sure
dt ramiro
playing now with montaño
alberto montaño the change has
basis
and English
the coffee
would be the second Ecuadorian goal
juan carlos gonzález great save from
marcelo ramírez
the visitor here the dribble that
I answer in Juarez
instead the team is with three
regulations so that from
some configurations
I 'm not going to listen but the camila is
on the court will be some time
in the part of power with a man
less on the court the game is very
because it is suspended from this place
to the opening of new activity upon seeing
what happened of this sensational layer of
ramirez at least you seem like a
distance
Juan Carlos Gonzalez who both
Mendez then shot the ball even
boxing in juan carlos gonzález and that
crazy disk in some measure of marcelo
Ramirez that reacted in a way
extraordinary a goal ball that has
saved great I want chile
constant frame
Mendez have the signature of great
true will be nothing more than the frog
checked the most intensive gasoline by
hundred
first the general service in
environmental Protection
welcome to a porte
we entered the final 15 minutes against
chile trail returns to what he did
during the first time
we had
this is the tilson pause advance
this picture deep phone brandon
who likes to change with brands not
there is lack of follow roses control
uncheck the rapids published by the
regulation to play there
with his hands he could do it
but look at it
normal part and deporten to say in this
Regulatory time senses
graziano and for the color and each pair
active are determining but now
this equality
Look
and could appear again the party
you can already time has arrived
is coming
direct